---
layout: post
title: 'One Day'
publishedAt: '2024-10-10'
categories: blog
tag: Story
---

# One Day as a Girl

### *Written in October 2024*

<br>

*Have you ever imagined what it would be like to spend a day as the opposite sex, how much it would change your life? I never asked myself this question until I experienced it for myself. To this day, I find it fascinating how quickly my perspective changed in a single day.*

<br>

The alarm clock rang early, I didn't want to get up yet, I wanted to go back to sleep, I wanted to keep dreaming. But I couldn't, it was school. I had to get up. I wanted to stay in bed, just one more minute. Just one\! When I finally rolled over to get up, I felt hair in my mouth. It was that really disgusting feeling you get from hair. I spat it out and was startled at the same time, it was my hair. I had long hair, I ran it through my fingers and looked at it closely. Yesterday I had short hair, I liked this much better. How was it possible that my hair grew so quickly overnight? Quite shaken up by the recent realization, but still pretty dead tired, I finally got up. I couldn't be late for school again. I opened my closet and was startled. What was going on here? Is this a nightmare? Was someone playing a trick on me? I screamed, my whole closet was full of girls' clothes, this had to be a dream, a real nightmare. Where were my boys' clothes, my sweaters and sweatpants? I rummaged through the whole wardrobe, pulled everything out and threw it on the floor. The clothes were no longer in there, I was close to despair. I had to calm myself down, despair had never helped. I took a deep breath, I needed a plan. My wardrobe was suddenly full of girly clothes and I suddenly had long hair, what did I look like? I ran to the nearest large mirror where I could see myself from top to bottom. I couldn't believe it when I looked in the mirror, how was that possible? I saw a girl, I had the reflection of a girl. I was a girl, I had long brown hair and I was a bit shorter than yesterday, or rather when I was a boy. I really didn't look bad, even though I was only wearing a sleep T-shirt that was much too small for me and my hair was quite tousled from sleeping. But that's impossible, how could something like that be? This had to be a dream, there was no other explanation. I could try to wake myself up by pinching myself. No, if it was just a dream anyway, it would pass anyway. I was too curious to wake myself up, I wanted to know what it was like to be a girl, wanted the experience. Not that I enjoyed it or anything, I mean just objectively, for science and stuff. There was no way I would want to be a girl in reality, being a boy alone would make things a lot easier, or was that just what I thought? I pulled myself out of my thoughts, looked in the mirror and reached for my T-shirt. I undressed in front of the mirror. I was stunned at the sight of my new naked body, I couldn't look away, I didn't even know why. I just didn't want to look away. After really marveling at my new body for far too long, I blew my teeth and went to the toilet, even though I didn't know how that would work at first. I didn't know much about clothes, let alone girls' clothes, and what's more, everything was scattered all over the floor.

<br>

I had to wear something, there was nothing else. I chose a pair of light blue skinny jeans and a white top. I wasn't sure if I was wearing them right, but at least it looked okay in my eyes. That was enough for me for the moment. What kind of trouser pockets are these, you can't even fit a cell phone in them? Where should I put my cell phone now? I didn't really have time to worry about it, I had to get ready for school. Today was Monday. The weekend was over, what did I even do at the weekend? Suddenly my mother was standing in front of me. Comb your hair, it looks really messy\! Yes, I'll do it\! I went back into the bathroom, I had forgotten all about it earlier in my amazement and the situation was just right for me to escape the conversation. Hadn't she noticed that I looked like a girl? She could never have missed that, was that normal for everyone else but me? Am I in a parallel dimension? I couldn't get these questions out of my head. While I got ready for school, I tried unsuccessfully to come up with an explanation for the situation. Just like for my mother, it wasn't strange for anyone at school that I was a girl. Should I talk to anyone about it? Everyone would immediately think I was crazy. I decided to keep quiet for now and wait and see. I would probably wake up soon anyway. It was a normal school day, nothing out of the ordinary really, lessons were boring as usual. I didn't have half the homework. Given how I looked today, I really would have liked to stay home, but I had to give a presentation today. It didn't feel like a dream, it was too real. As the day went on, my bad attitude slowly disappeared, I think I was starting to like it. It wasn't as bad as I had thought this morning. I hung out with girls during the break, but it felt weird. Yesterday she was my friend and now we were two normal friends. I liked it with the girl. I had fun with them, to be honest, more than with the boys. The school day went by quickly and I arranged to meet the girls for lunch today. I went into town with them. I had fun, I could never have imagined that I would enjoy something like that. Time passed quickly and the day was drawing to a close. It was already dark when I got home. I thought about how I had enjoyed the day today, I had fun, I was happy. Could it maybe stay like this forever? I enjoyed being a girl. But then it came, it hit me like a blow. I realized I didn't want to go on living as a boy, I wanted to be a girl for today and tomorrow, forever, into infinity. I was so much happier today than usual. The thought that there were only a few hours left in the day brought tears to my eyes. I hid under my comforter, still wearing the black short skirt I'd bought with the girls in town today. I wasn't sure how I could go on living as a boy after this experience. I was at a loss. I wished so hard when I went to sleep that I would wake up tomorrow the same way I did today. There really wasn't much I would miss about my old life. I woke up and felt hair in my mouth. I jumped up like a rocket, was it not a dream? I looked at my phone, it was Tuesday and my room looked the same as yesterday, all the girls' clothes were on the floor. Had my wish come true?

### **The End**
